Be more clear about new sender type distinction (#143)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/guide/filter-queries.md

bot.on("edit:file"); // edits to file messages or file channel posts
```

### Syntactic Sugar

There are two special cases for the query parts that make filtering for users more convenient.
You can detect bots in queries with the `:is_bot` query part.
The syntactic sugar `:me` can be used to refer to your bot from within a query, which will compare the user identifiers for you.

```ts

> // A service message about a bot that joined the chat:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A service message about a bot that joined the chat
```

bot.on("message:new_chat_members:is_bot");

> // A service message about your bot being removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A service message about your bot being removed
```

bot.on("message:left_chat_member:me");
```

Note that while this syntactic sugar is useful to work with service messages, is should not be used to detect if someone actually joins or leaves a chat.

> Services messages are messages that inform the users in the chat about about , but they will not be sent in all cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services messages are messages that inform the users in the chat, and some of them will not be visible in all cases.
```

The type inference of `ctx` will scan through the entire call chain and inspect every element of all three `.on` calls.
As an example, it can detect that `ctx.msg.text` is a required property for the above code snippet.

## Useful Tips

> Here are some less known features of filter queries that can come in handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some less-known features of filter queries that can come in handy.
```

Some of them are a little advanced, so feel free to move on to [the next section](./commands.md).

### Chat Member Updates

You can use the following filter query to receive status updates about your bot.

```ts
bot.on("my_chat_member"); // start, stop, join, or leave
```

In private chats, this triggers when the bot is started or stopped.
In groups, this triggers when the bot is added or removed.
You can now inspect `ctx.myChatMember` to figure out what exactly happened.

> This is not to be confused with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not to be confused with:
```

```ts
bot.on("chat_member");
```

> which can be used to detect status changes of other chat members, such as when people join, get promoted, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which can be used to detect status changes of other chat members, such as when people join, get promoted, and so on.
```

Author: This would split up the sentence in the middle. If you don't like to use code blocks in sentences (I know you already don't like formatting sentences as lists) then we should just rephrase this paragraph.

> Note that `chat_member` updates need to be enabled explicitly by specifying `allowed_updates` when starting your bot.

### Combining Queries With Other Methods

You can combine filter queries with other methods on the `Composer` class ([API Reference](https://doc.deno.land/https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts/~/Composer)), such as `command` or `filter`.
This allows for powerful message handling patterns.

```ts
bot.on(":forward_date").command("help"); // forwarded /help commands

> // Only handle commands in private chats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only handle commands in private chats.
```

const pm = bot.filter((ctx) => ctx.chat?.type === "private");
pm.command("start");
pm.command("help");
```

### Filtering by Message Sender Type

> There are five different possible types of message authors on Telegram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are five different possible types of message authors on Telegram:
```

1. Channel post authors
2. Automatic forwards from linked channels in discussion groups
3. Normal user accounts, this includes bots (i.e. “normal” messages)
4. Admins sending on behalf of the group ([anonymous admins](https://telegram.org/blog/filters-anonymous-admins-comments#anonymous-group-admins))
5. Users sending messages as one of their channels

You can combine filter queries with other update handling mechanisms to find out the type of the message author.

```ts

> // Channel posts sent by `ctx.senderChat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Channel posts sent by `ctx.senderChat`
```

bot.on("channel_post");

const messages = bot.on("message"); // (only regard messages from here)

> // Automatic forward from the channel `ctx.senderChat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Automatic forward from the channel, `ctx.senderChat`
```

Author: The channels name is ctx.senderChat, so it's “the channel ctx.senderChat” such as in “the library grammY”

messages.on(":is_automatic_forward");

> // Regular messages sent by `ctx.from`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Regular messages sent by `ctx.from`
```

messages.filter((ctx) => ctx.senderChat === undefined);

> // Anonymous admin in `ctx.chat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Anonymous admin in `ctx.chat`
```

messages.filter((ctx) => ctx.senderChat?.id === ctx.chat?.id);

> // Everything else, i.e. users sending messages as `ctx.senderChat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Everything else, i.e. users sending messages as `ctx.senderChat`
```
